So, now what the eventual goal here,
is we want to show both our Todo list,
as well as our goals list.
We want to give the user an option to add new items to both lists via the UI right now.
So basically, our library code down here is going to manage the state of our application.
And the DOM or the view,
what we see, is just going to be a representation of that state.
But in order to do that what we need to do,
is we need to add some actual UI to our app,
so that then in the next video,
we could hook that UI up to
our library code in order to get the state of our application.
So first what we'll do, is we will have two different divs here.
The first one we'll represent will be our Todo list,
and the second one will be our goals list.
So let's give this a header of Todo list.
And then inside of here, what we want is an input field.
We'll give it an idea Todo and a type of text with a placeholder of add Todo,
because we want the user to be able to add new Todo items to their Todo list.
And then, we need a button so they can be able to submit the new Todo item.
So we give it an idea of Todo item,
and then inside of this we will just say add Todo.
And then finally what we want to create is an unordered list,
that we can add list items to,
for each Todo item inside of our Todos list.
So we can do that by just having this right here,
we'll give it an idea Todos.
And then our goals list is going to be very similar,
so I'm just going to copy and paste this.
We'll call this goals,
and then our input will have an ID of goal, rather than Todo,
and then here we will say add goal,
and then this will be go button.
This will be add goal,
then finally we have our unordered list of goals, rather than Todos.
So now if we look at our app,
you'll notice that we have this UI,
and what we're going to do next is we want to make it so a user from
our UI can now add items to the state of our store.